update docs (#358)
OpenFunction/openfunction.dev: content/en/docs/concepts/build_strategy.md

| Name | Type | Describe |  
| --- | --- | --- |
| RUN_IMAGE | string | Reference to a run image to use |  

> | CACHE_IMAGE | string | Cache Images are a way to preserve build optimizing layers across different host machines. These images can improve performance in ephemeral environments such as Java functions. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CACHE_IMAGE | string | Cache Image is a way to preserve cache layers across different builds, which can improve build performance when building functions or applications with lots of dependencies like Java functions. |  
```
